Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: Ekidna
Version: 0.0.4
Summary: Electrochemistry data analysis tools
Home-page: 
Author: OzymandiasTheDead
Author-email: jacob@ekidnasensing.com
License: MIT
Keywords: Ekidna
Classifier: Development Status :: 2 - Pre-Alpha
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows 10
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
License-File: LICENSE.txt

This library contains functions for analysis of, primarily, data collected from 
electrochemistry experiment. Various functions may be useful beyond the scope of
electrochemistry.

Examples of tools include: baseline subtraction, pairplots, histograms, standard curve creators, smoothing, etc . . . 

The code is developed by researchers at Ekidna Sensing.

Change Log
===========
0.0.4 (February 17, 2023)
-------------------------
- Fourth Release

Notes:
------
Added two new functions
	1. moving_average_baseline_subtraction
		Function that calculates the moving average of the input current. Also, this not a traditional "moving average" so if you've never used a moving average
		please don't use this one to generalize the concept. A traditional moving average "slides" its window whereas this one "hops" its window. I.e. adjacent 
		windows do not overlap, whereas traditional sliding windows tend to overlap with each other.
 
	2. get_groupwise_intervals
        	The purpose of this function is to group the input data and then calculate the the means, confidence bands, and prediction bands 
        	of each groups. A group is defined by a fixed value of xdom. If many points have the same value of xdom, then they form a group.
        
        	The function will output a dataframe of the interpolated means, confidence interval edges (lower and upper), prediction interval edges (lower and upper, and SAMPLE
		standard deviations of each group.

		Confidence and prediction bands are computed at 95% confidence. 



 
